Adding changes for Fleet v4.83.2 (#43494)
fleetdm/fleet: CHANGELOG.md

## Fleet 4.83.2 (Apr 13, 2026)

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed 500 on my device page on Fleet Free.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a crash on the "My device" page for Fleet Free instances. The page returned a 402 error when the host was assigned to a team because the device endpoint called a premium-only API, and also crashed when accessing undefined policies data.
```
